# plenv-pmset

plenv-pmset is an extension for the [plenv][plenv] perl version manager that
allows you to use "pmsets", sandboxed collections of perl modules. This lets you have
multiple collections of perl modules installed in different sandboxes, and specify (on
a per-application basis) which sets of perl modules should be used.


## Installation

### Homebrew

The easiest way to install (if you are on Mac OSX) is via the [Homebrew][homebrew] package manager:

    $ brew update
    $ brew install plenv-pmset

### GitHub

Otherwise, clone plenv-pmset to the `$HOME/.plenv/plugins` directory:

    $ mkdir -p ~/.plenv/plugins
    $ cd ~/.plenv/plugins
    $ git clone git://github.com/radford/plenv-pmset.git

## Usage

In your application directory, create a file named `.plenv-pmsets` and put the
names of the pmsets you want to use in it, separated by whitespace. The first
pmset in the list will be the primary pmset, where new perl modules will be
installed.

    $ echo my-pmset > .plenv-pmsets

Now, all commands involving perl modules will use the pmsets you specified.

The pmset plugin will cause plenv to search for the `.plenv-pmsets` file in
the current directory, as well as in all ancestor directories, so as long
as there is an `.plenv-pmsets` file at or above the current directory.

Alternatively, you can set the PLENV_PMSET_FILE environment variable to the
absolute path of the pmset file.


## License

This code is a port of the [rbenv-gemset][gemset] plugin for use
with [rbenv][rbenv] to [plenv][plenv] for use with perl.

This code is placed in the public domain by the authors, Jamis Buck
and Jim Radford. Use it as you wish. Please prefer good over evil.

[plenv]: https://github.com/tokuhirom/plenv
[rbenv]: https://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv
[gemset]: https://github.com/jamis/rbenv-gemset
[homebrew]: http://mxcl.github.com/homebrew/
